# 2nd week MLE-Curriculum (Questions)

Proposal calender

| Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Data engineering | SQL | Data structures and algorithms | Deep learning for coders | Data structures and algorithms | Data engineering |

## Data engineering

**Data engineering**: Read the second chapter of the Joe Reis book and answer the following questions

1. how does the software engineering undercurrent apply to the work of a data engineer?

a Data engineers need to apply their software engineering skills and knowledge to read and write code.

b. Data engineers and software engineers both need to write code, but the programming languages data engineers use are completely different than the ones used by software engineers.

c. Data engineers do the same thing as software engineers but they simply have a different job title.

d. Data engineers only use software engineering skills to work on open source projects.

2. The sentence "The data becomes available shortly after it is produced in continuous real-time ingestion" represents   

a. Data storage

b. Database systems

c. Batch ingestion

d. stream ingestion

## SQL

3. What is the total revenue generated by each product line? Answer what's the total revenue of Ships round to two decimal places.

This question requires you to join the products, orderdetails, and productlines tables, then sum the revenue (which is quantityOrdered * priceEach) for each product line.

a. 663,998.34

b. 3,853,922.49

c. 1,797,559.63

d. 188,532.92


4. Which customers have generated the highest total sales revenue, and how much is that revenue? (answer which is the first one)

This question involves joining the customers, orders, orderdetails, and products tables, then summarizing the revenue for each customer.

a. AV Stores, Co.

b. The Sharp Gifts Warehouse

c. Euro+ Shopping Channel

d. Mini Gifts Distributors Ltd.

Link to the notebook that contains the database and code with explanation to get you started
[Data analysis with SQL (questions)](https://www.kaggle.com/code/pastorsoto/data-analysis-with-sql-week-2/notebook)

## DSA

Data structures and algorithms

5. Solved the Concatenation of Array - LeetCode What's the time complexity of the optimal solution?

[Concatenation array - LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/problems/concatenation-of-array/description/)


## Deep learning for coders

6. Use fastai to train a model using the following dataset [Brain Tumor MRI Images 44 Classes (kaggle.com)](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/fernando2rad/brain-tumor-mri-images-44c) what’s the train loss on the first iteration, use two decimal places? (if none of the answer match use the closest one)

a. 0.8

b. 1.31

c. 4.23

d. 5.11

## Share in public

Share your progress in public, you can use the hashtag #MLE_Curriculum and mention me in your post. You will get up to 7 points for sharing your progress in public, one for each post (use any social media: Linkedin, kaggle, etc)

Fill the form to answer the [questions in this link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfaAT9OOM9xO-K8bqU2_fFpiN1bs-4T2Ic3ZBw5FKwur4HWbA/viewform)